Here's a guide to SOLOING this tamer with a single pet - the Anubisath Idol. Using this method, you can carry low-level pets and power level them.

All you need is a level 25 Anubisath Idol. You can chose any filler pet for slot 2/3 including one (or even two) low level pets to power level - even a level 1*!.

The set-up you want for your idol is:

Here is the setup you want to run:
Slot 1 - Anubisath Idol :  Crush |  Sandstorm |  Deflection
Slot 2 - [Carried Pet]
Slot 3 - [Carried Pet]

Enemy Team Summary
Piqua :  Flock |  Squawk |  Lift-Off
Lapin :  Adrenaline Rush |  Flurry |  Burrow
Bleat :  Chew |  Bleat |  Stampede

Strategy
This fight is an absolute joke for the Anubisath Idol. Each enemy pet's damage is largely mitigated by  Sandstorm, and each has a big ability that can be blocked by Deflection. The beauty of  Deflection is that is always goes first, and also will block EVERY direct attack that occurs in the turn that it is used. In addition to all this, every time an enemy is hit, the idol, as a Humanoid pet, regenerates 4% health. As a result, I often end off killing the last pet with 100% health.

Piqua
Piqua starts with using  Squawk, then  Lift-Off which takes two turns (one to fly up, and a second to fly down and deal the damage). It's a simple matter to use Sandstorm on Turn 1, then  Deflection whenever he is about to come down from  Lift-Off (Turn 3). I usually pass Turn 2, as you don't hit him anyway. After  Lift-Off has been used, the next enemy ability is  Flock, which takes 3 turns. ALL DAMAGE from this ability is mitigated completely, making this an excellent time to switch in one of your carry pets*. Use one attack with your carried pet, then switch back to the idol.

Use  Crush to deal damage, and  Sandstorm on cooldown to finish off Piqua, using  Deflection when necessary to block as noted above.

Lapin
Lapin will use  Adrenaline Rush and  Flurry which will hit your idol and take a bit of health off. Simply continue damaging as noted above with  Crush and Sandstorm, and  Deflection to block the  Burrow ability (also a 2-turn ability like  Lift-Off). Isn't too hard to finish Lapin off as well.

Bleat
Bleat will use his namesake ability ( Bleat) to heal himself intermittently. Otherwise he uses  Chew (yet another 2-round ability!) Which should be blocked with Deflection on the second turn.   Stampede, his other ability, is essentially the same as  Flock - 3 turns, with ALL DAMAGE being completely blocked*. This would be another spot for you to switch in a carried pet, if you didn't do it when fighting Piqua, or if you had a second pet to carry. Once again, use the same damaging abilities to whittle Bleat down.

There you have it!

*Do note that  Sandstorm will mitigate the multi-round attacks like  Flock and  Stampede completely for most pets, but I have found that Elemental pets will take some damage from those abilities through the  Sandstorm. This is because Elemental pets ignore weather effects, including  Sandstorm. As such, your carried Elemental pets may need to be level 5 or so, in order to withstand the damage for a couple of rounds. 
Alternatively, you can time your pet switch so that you catch the last round of a multi-round ability and the round in which your low level pet attacks is one where the enemy is using  Chew (Round 1). This means that your Anubisath Idol will take some damage when switched back in, but that is not a big deal since he takes so little for the rest of the battle!
 )
