(At least for now) You can repeat this fight as often as you'd like, provided you do not turn in the quest for defeating him. It costs a game token each time, of course, but it's actually pretty great for leveling pets.

I use the following team, with these abilities:

Level 25 Lil' XT with  Zap,  Repair and  Tympanic Tantrum
Level 25 rare Fel Flame with  Burn,  Immolate and  Conflagrate
Any third pet of your choice, ideally strong enough to survive one hit from Fezwick (~400 health) but not always necessary.

Start with Lil' XT, ideally you want Judgement first and (again for now) I retreat if it's anyone else. Lil' XT takes reduced damage from Judgements attacks. Start off with Tympanic Tantrum, then repair. You'll need to Zap (or pass) once, before Tympanic comes up again. Use Tympanic again. Then Zap or pass, make sure *not* to kill Judgement this turn. Then Repair again. You should have Judgement almost dead and Lil' XT at basically full health. Tympanic Tantrum a third time. This one may kill Judgement in the middle and summon Honky Tonk, but that's fine. The goal is to get Fezwick almost dead before he even joins the battle.

Once that Tympanic Tantrum is over, summon Fel Flame. This match-up is so unfair it's kind of hilarious. Honky Tonk is already at, or below, 75% health thanks to Tantrums, plus Fel Flame takes reduced damage from all of his abilities. Put Immolate up first. Here's the best part, if you Conflagrate Honky Tonk while he's burning and the first hit kills him, the second hit will kill him as soon as he respawns from his Mechanical passive. So basically after immolating him, just use Burn as needed to get him low enough that one hits worth of Conflagrate will kill him the first time, and you'll finish him off with it.

Now you have Fezwick up, hopefully with only about 100-200 health. As soon as Fezwick joins the battle, swap in your leveling pet. Fezwick will almost always lead off with his stun, which does no damage, but getting hit by it will count as participating in the battle for the purposes of getting your pet XP. Once the stun goes off (or after getting hit once) immediately swap your leveling pet back out for whichever of XT or Fel Flame is more likely to survive long enough to finish Fezwick off (Lil' XT is ideal, because his attacks are strong, but either one should be able to do it).

This method works pretty well, and has been getting some of my lower level pets 2 levels per battle. Once I'm done, I usually just ride around the island looking for rare Crows until my pet heal comes back up, and then repeat it all again.