The Thundering Pandaren Spirit. He was always one of the hardest battles I ever had, and I struggled all the time against him, until someone very kind shared with me their secret to the fight...

Now it is easy to 2 pet battle and win it every time with a leveling pet, even a level 1 pet can survive this battle

Team:
1st slot, leveling pet, (even level 1)
2nd slot Level 25 Snail/Whelk, (any kind), suggest anything but a B/B snail, Abilities: Absorb, Acidic Goo, and Dive, -- Note: this pet is supposed to die in this stratagy.
3rd slot, Level 25 Mechanical Pandaren Dragonling (must have used a stone to convert him to rare), Abilities: Breath, Bombing Run, Decoy
Reasons to use Snail instead of ANY other critter such as a rabbit:
I have used many different critter pets (including S/S rabbit) till I discovered the snail. Dodging and swapping pets you loose so many unnecessary rounds. 
I found the snail to be one of the fastest pet battles, because of the 25% damage debuff + dive (+damage against elemental pets.) After swapping in the snail, the spirit is typically dead in 3 to 5 rounds (Dive sometimes 1-shots him). 
Then having the snail hit Sludgy before dieing with goo, lets the dragon hit 25% harder, so the slime typically only lasts 2 breaths. leaving the dragon to finish the mole very easily. It is a extremely fast battle, (except rarely when dive misses the elemental and forfeit and try again, you don't have too, the snail can still win, its just faster to forfeit)

Battle:
Round 1 vs Pandaren Earth Spirit, low level pet gets stunned, (if you use a critter, do not use an ability that has a chance to stun the Earth Spirit)
Round 2 switch to your Snail pet
Round 3 Goo him
Round 4 Dive
Round 5 If dive did not hit, forfeit, and try again, otherwise, Absorb till it is dead. (you can try to keep Goo up, but I did not find it worth maintaining)
Next round, vs Sludgy, Acidic goo him, and Absorb till dead, Use Dive if you can dive without dieing (you need over 400hp to Dive), because he will dot you before you go under, and you will die submerged, so it was better that you Absorb till dead (Try to keep goo up especially before you die)
When Sludgy kills your snail
Switch to the Mechanical Pandaren Dragonling, and just use breath on him, DO NOT WORRY ABOUT HP, because your dragon only needs to have 1hp to win against Darnak the Tunneler (3rd pet).
Round 1 with Darnak the Tunneler. Use bombing run, 
Round 2, use Breath (Darnak will burrow after getting hit)
Round 3, use Decoy, because the Darnak the Tunneler will have used Burrow last round
Use breath till Darnak is dead, you will die, but revive, and finish off the Darnak. 

I have only had the Mechanical dragon die once before... I always win with this strategy.
Another strategy involves using rabbits instead of snails, but I just use the snail strategy because I like the extra 25% dps, and the shorter rounds that the goo attack gives you.

-Posh 

(check out my guide on how to use pet battles to level your characters while grinding your pets to higher levels too)